# 1A Present forms; like, as if, and  as tough

When u talking about fact we used simple present
ex: I like to spend my free time with a good back~;

adverb of frequence:
always, usually, often, sometimes, hardly ever, never
use before a main verb (go, walk, work, do)
if we have a verb to be use after the verb to be

expression of frequence (at the end of everthing)
twice a week, everyday
ex: I go to the gym 3 times a week

1. 
* A __Do__ you __think__ it's true that people __have__ different communicators styles?
* B Maybe. Some people __speak__ more slowly than others. And may mom __uses__ her hands a lot.
* A My mom __is__ a very good listner. But she __likes__ talking to peoople a lot.
* C Hey! We __are__ in a library! I __am trying__ to concentrate!
* A Sorry! We __are talking__ about communitacion.
* C It __sounds__ interisting, but I __am hurrying__ to finish this essay!

2. 

* 1 You ___are always telling__ me what to do! Let me decide for myself!
* 2 My mother __always gives__ me good advice when I have a problem.
* 3 Why __are__ you __always copying__ my homework? Don't you know that's called chating?
* 4 My neighbor __always waters__ my plant when I'm away.
* 5 My boss __always arrives__ at work on time.
* 6 Nancy's kids __are always taking__ food out of our refrigerator without asking!

3.



we are not using present continues with state verbs

pronucaition
interisting - INTEristing
essay - EÇAI (academic composition) -> ENSAIO
chating -> XERING (to cheat IN a test/exam)



she chating on him->  trair

